pipelines: outputs: kafka: Document the raw_log_key (#1397)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/kafka.md

    rdkafka.log_level 7
    rdkafka.metadata.broker.list 192.168.1.3:9092
```

#### Kafka Configuration File with Raw format

> This example Fluent Bit configuration file creates dummy records with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Fluent Bit configuration file creates example records with the
```

Reviewer: Apologies for not catching that instance of "dummy" earlier.

> This example fluent-bit config creates dummy records with the _payloadkey_ and
> _msgkey_ keys. The value of the _msgkey_ will be used as the Kafka message key
> and the value of the _payloadkey_ as payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Fluent Bit configuration file creates dummy records with the
_payloadkey_ and _msgkey_ keys. The _msgkey_ value is used as the Kafka message
key, and the _payloadkey_ value as the payload.
```

```text
[INPUT]

>     Name dummy
>     Tag  dummy.data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Name example
    Tag  example.data
```

Reviewer: "dummy" is not an inclusive term, and can be seen as a pejorative, so we avoid those words where possible.

Reviewer 2: @lockewritesdocs this is referring to the dummy input so the `name` has to be that: https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/inputs/dummy
